You go to the company to take over the security department first
If I have the original intention to protect, I will call you again
Lord Jade Emperor
Where the hell are you? Do you know?
I really like you.
No, I have to fight for it with all my strength
Mr. Shen
Go over
Is there anything wrong? It's about Lord Yihuang
I want to have a good chat with you again
How to chat
As long as you can help me meet Mr. Huang
How about I 1 million you?
Why 1 million trying to buy me 10 million
10 million is enough
Excuse me.
I'm not short of money
One billion, one billion, total line
Enough to change your life's destiny
You really want to see Yihua so much?
Of course! He's my idol!
I vowed to marry him
He is the only one in my life
You are really possessed
Please, just help me once
Just once
I'll do you this favor.
Tell my friend.
Let him show you
Really, are you really willing to help me?
Help but not in vain
It's okay to say 100 million
Just one billion.
I don't want your money.
What do you want?
I don't like your arrogant look
I want to conquer you
Conquer me and don't want you to sleep with me
Can you take the initiative to kiss me?